Updated conditions to retrieve primary keys in bulk_create() docs. (#17548)
django/django: docs/ref/models/querysets.txt

* The model's ``save()`` method will not be called, and the ``pre_save`` and
  ``post_save`` signals will not be sent.
* It does not work with child models in a multi-table inheritance scenario.
* If the model's primary key is an :class:`~django.db.models.AutoField` and

>   ``ignore_on_conflict`` is False, the primary key attribute can only be

Reviewer: We don't have `ignore_on_conflict` parameter.

>   ``ignore_on_conflict`` is False, the primary key attribute can only be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  ``ignore_conflicts`` is False, the primary key attribute can only be
```

Reviewer: @simkimsia If you don't have time, I can update it.

Author: Yes please thank you 🙇🏻‍♂️

I'm away from keyboard
